Add archive task file timestamp property (#37790)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/gradle-types/working_with_files.adoc

2. Case where the permissions of files and directories in the archive should be set to specific values, for example to set the executable bit on a script file.
For such configuration see <<#sec:setting_file_permissions,Setting file permissions>> section.

[[sec:reproducible_timestamp]]

> == Timestamp for files inside archives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Timestamp for files inside archives incubating-label:[]
```

Author: Done.

> The timestamp for files inside archives can be specified. This can be used to complement reproducibility by using a meaningful, recent timestamp rather than the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.tasks.bundling.AbstractArchiveTask.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.bundling.AbstractArchiveTask:reproducibleFileTimestamp[`reproducibleFileTimestamp`] property allows you to set a custom timestamp for every entry in the archive.
When set, it takes precedence over the `preserveFileTimestamps` property.
When not set, timestamps are determined by `preserveFileTimestamps` as usual.

This can be used to complement reproducibility by using a meaningful, verifiable timestamp rather than the default.
```

Author: Updated this text. I changed some of it to match the code changes. (`reproducibleFileTimestamp` no longer overrides the `preserveFileTimestamps` property. It throws an exception if `preserveFileTimestamps` is `true` and `reproducibleFileTimestamp` is set.)
